All right.
So let's continue with the props.
So here, what we want to do is we want to follow the documentation.
Name X and headers on chain.
All right.
So, name, name.
We just use file.
Now, this name will be accessible in the back end, so you'll see how this works.
So file if you call it folder or something else, then you have to access a different in the back end.
But we will we will go through that name X to this is important X and the end point.
We may already be able to use the one we created earlier.
So let me actually quickly go to the server.
Words, because if you remember when we are creating a post and are creating posts.
So we already worked on this image upload feature.
So we have the endpoint in the back and that uploads the images to continue new and give us the URL.
Now we may be able to use, but maybe not because for this one we are just using the we just using the
URL.
But for this one, we are actually going to save the images in the database and then later we going
to populate all the images in the library.
So yeah, I thought maybe we could use that, but we can't.
It's going to be live differently done because it is the library and it will be saved in the database.
And, you know, so it's different.
All right.
Okay.
So let's not worry about this one for now.
So the reason we have to create a brand new endpoint in the back end so we can call that a broad image
file.
So persistent in we don't.
That's just right.
If we quickly double take the in we local.
So we got the API and we got the next public API.
Right.
So this one, we're going to use the next quote behavior.
It is done client side.
So we access that both historically and we dot next public API SLAs.
The endpoint we're going to create, we can call that upload image file.
I guess previously we have already used upload image.
This time we use Dest file because we're going to send this as if from that previous one we did.
And that was we were sending emails as base64 data.
Right.
But this one we will be sending is the file data.
All right.
So that's the action.
We have to work on this endpoint in the back end.
And then we also need to send the headers because we need to protect this route for the logged in use
only.
So in the headers we need to send the token.
So we need to send the authorization token authorization, beer or token after token.
No, this is something you already saw how we did in our context.
This is how we sending.
The token, it's time we are using excuse.
But since this one is specific to Andy, then they're not using access to this component with the prompts.
This will automatically send this to the back end based on the action and the headers.
I guess so.
We don't have access, so we had to access the context and give the token like this.
Okay, so we have the headers, we have the endpoint, we have the file name.
Next one is on since home since we get the info, the upload info.
So here, as you can see, we have the documentation.
I think it's best to copy from here.
So on tins, I mean, just copy this bit.
Let me replace that.
So I intend to get the info and we get the status from there.
So if it is uploading.
Oh, you can console.log.
Also, if the status is done, then you can say the Mrs..
Using the message from the end is end itself message to success that one has been successfully uploaded
and if there is an error, it will.
So they are as nicely needed.
All right, so this is straightforward.
That's how Upload works with and now I can really give it a try.
Of course we get the error, but at least we can see the endpoint.
If it is hitting the right endpoint, let's try that out and then we're going to go to the back end
and create the endpoint.
I guess you leave me open the department's console.
Like its official limits.
Click to upload media.
Let's just try one.
All right.
So you can see here upload filled with is expected because we don't have the endpoint.
However, you can see we are making requests to the right endpoint.
So post request to that endpoint.
And this is the the data, the console log.
That is you.
Well, while it's uploading.
And this thing is taking the network according to the mental tab.
We're making request for food not found.
The URL is not found and we are sending the token in the headers so you can see all that information
is here.
Beautiful.
Okay.
So let's go to the back end and create that endpoint so that we can complete this upload.
Okay, so let's go back and clear that endpoint.
So the server routes post input that here, let's put them all together here.
So rather dot posts.
So the endpoints are going to be less.
Upload image is fine.
Now for this to work, there is a bit more work to do actually because this is a file data.
This is a fun data.
This is not the the decent data like we seen earlier here.
That was decent data.
We were just sending the best 64 version of the image.
But this time we're sending the actual file.
So this is not something we can access as a request body because this is a form data.
We cannot access it like this.
Instead, we have to access using the request files.
Now for that, we need to use a middleware and that middleware is something we have to download from
NPM.
So you may to come in this afternoon.
Let's insist that that one, let's solve this one.
So the one we're going to use is express formula who NPM install express formative.
This will give us the the final data I need.
So let's done let's start the server.
Come here.
And it's important that
people from a level from experts.
Formidable.
And they will simply have to execute this execute this.
That will give us the founder.
So here, I'm gonna run that one.
So that's the end point.
We want to use the formidable as a middleware that will give us the request files and then this throughout
will be only for the long to new.
The set require signing at the moment it is only for the admin as well.
So we apply that middleware as well.
And then finally our control function upload image file.
Beautiful to make sure you use the formidable.
Otherwise you will not get a file data.
Okay.
So make sure you use that and then let's put it here.
Controls first and let's go to the post controller and write this function.
Controller sports.
Let's come on down.
By the way, we already have the cloud generic configuration, so we can easily use that.
Export icons.
Upload images.
File async.
Request.
Response.
Try.
Yes.
There.
Log on if there's any.
Now, before we actually upload to Cloudy Need.
Let's have a look at the data.
Come to load the request request files.
Okay.
You can do access request, Marty, because this is a phone data.
So request files.
Let's let's try.
Featured image.
Click Upload done to use the same images is another one.
Let's try that one.
I think you can see it happening.
We are not getting the response, obviously, but we have at least we have the the endpoint.
All right.
So let's go to the back in to Sara and beautiful.
Now, you can see here we are receiving the request file.
Awesome.
So we've got the file name.
The file path, the temporary path.
Beautiful.
Okay, so that looks good.
Let's continue here.
It's uploaded to cloud in there.
But there is one more thing we have to do.
That is create a media model.
Media model here.
Because like I said, this will be saved in the database and it will be later.
We can retrieve as a library so we can load all the media files.
So whenever the image has been uploaded using a file, a media library, this drag and drop as you can
see.
So whenever the image has been uploaded, this will it will be saved in the database and later we will
be able to access all of that.
So this that's how it's going to work.
That means we have to work on the model, which is not too difficult.
So we can easily work on that one.
But as you can see, this is slightly different than the previous upload.
Previous upload was just a symbol we uploaded, we got the image URL, we put that in this post.
So that was different.
This is slightly different because we are trying to replicate the the media media of feature that you
see in the WordPress content management system.
And it's really nice.
You know, you can organize your images too.
Any files uploaded is saved.
It's always there.
You can later obviously manage by deleting just a load before you actually work on any of these posts.
So it's really nice.
Okay, so we take a break now.
We saw how this is received.
Requests file is very simple here.
So request files.
Dot file, dot path.
That will give us this path.
We have to use this to upload this image to cloud in error.
And when we get the response we want to save in the database, only then we send the response to our
React app.
So by the time we receive the uploaded images, you are not only that, we will also have this image
simply permanently in the database.
It's a that's the beauty.